Reword answer 11 (fixes #355) (#383)
lydiahallie/javascript-questions: README.md

#### Answer: A

> Adding a method to a constructor function means the method will only be available to new object instances - any old instances won't have the new method. If you want a method to be available to all instances then add it to the prototype property instead:

Reviewer: > Adding a method to a constructor function means the method will only be available to new object instances - any old instances won't have the new method.

This sounds incorrect to me. Adding a method to a constructor function makes that  method callable from the constructor function. Eg: 
```javascript
function MyConstructorFunction() {}
MyConstructorFunction.logHello = function() { console.log('Hello') }
MyConstructorFunction.logHello() // logs 'Hello' and returns undefined
```
Neither old or new instances of `MyConstructorFunction.` created with the `new` keyword will be able to call `logHello`. Eg:
```javascript
function MyConstructorFunction() { return this }
let instanceA = new MyConstructorFunction();
instanceA.logHello() // TypeError: foo.logHello is not a function
```
Perhaps I'm misreading your sentence?

Author: Ah you're right! Wow, so `new` instances actually link to the prototype, not the original constructor, is that right?

I think the original paragraph is still a bit confusing. Is this better?

```
Adding methods to a function constructor will not make them available to object instances. If you want a method to be available to all instances then add it to the prototype property instead:
```

Author: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, functions are objects, and this actually adds the method `getFullName` to the constructor function object itself! Meaning we can call `Person.getFullName()`, but `member.getFullName` gives a `TypeError`. 

If you want a method to be available to all object instances then add it to the prototype property:
```

> Adding a method to a constructor function means the method will only be available to new object instances - any old instances won't have the new method. If you want a method to be available to all instances then add it to the prototype property instead:

Author: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, functions are objects, and this actually adds the method `getFullName` to the constructor function object itself! Meaning we can call `Person.getFullName()`, but `member.getFullName` gives a `TypeError`. 

If you want a method to be available to all object instances then add it to the prototype property:
```

```js
Person.prototype.getFullName = function() {
  return `${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`;
};
```

> This has the added effect of using memory more efficiently. If it was added to the constructor, each `Person` instance would have a separate copy of the method and this would waste memory. Instead, if we only add it to the prototype, we just have it at one spot in memory, yet they all have access to it!

Reviewer: Similarly, according to the understanding I'm trying to communicate above, even this new phrasing is somewhat incorrect. Each instance of `Person` does not, in fact, receive a "copy" of the method if that method is defined on the constructor function. 

What's more, using "copy" here is a bit dangerous since it is reminiscent of class behavior in other languages where subclassing and inheritance is described as copying. Whereas in JS, it's more accurate to describe *delegation* or *linking* between objects through the prototype. You might understand this already but since this resource is a learning tool I just worry about the impact of the language on folks newer to JS.

Lastly, this change doesn't address my other concern about memory, which doesn't seem relevant to me here. For the `Person` example. memory doesn't even enter the picture because `getFullName` does not have access to instance variables and therefore would never function in the way that appears to be hinted at by this explanation. Does that generally make sense? What I propose instead is simply instructing that very conclusion. Something to the effect of:
```
The result is a `TypeError` because `getFullName` only exists on the constructor function wrapper and is not assigned during instance creation.
```

Author: Ok, it took a bit for this to sink in :). I agree, the last paragraph about memory is not relevant.

I like it. To be succinct, let's remove the last paragraph completely, and reword the first paragraph to explain why the code doesn't work, like this:

```
In JavaScript, functions are objects, and this actually adds the method `getFullName` to the constructor function object itself! Meaning we can call `Person.getFullName()`, but `member.getFullName` gives a `TypeError`. 

If you want a method to be available to all object instances then add it to the prototype property:
```

Author: ```suggestion
```

> This has the added effect of using memory more efficiently. If it was added to the constructor, each `Person` instance would have a separate copy of the method and this would waste memory. Instead, if we only add it to the prototype, we just have it at one spot in memory, yet they all have access to it!

Author: ```suggestion
```

#### Answer: A

> In JavaScript, functions are objects, and this actually adds the method `getFullName` to the constructor function object itself! Meaning we can call `Person.getFullName()`, but `member.getFullName` gives a `TypeError`. 
> 
> If you want a method to be available to all object instances then add it to the prototype property:

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest a slightly different wording to avoid filler-words like "actually":
```suggestion
In JavaScript, functions are objects, and therefore, the method `getFullName` gets added to the constructor function object itself. For that reason, we can call `Person.getFullName()`, but `member.getFullName` throws a `TypeError`. 

If you want a method to be available to all object instances, you have to add it to the prototype property:
```

Author: Perfect thanks!
